the book of Nehemiah the words of
Nehemiah the son of Aquila it came to
pass in the month of Kislev in the 20th
year as I was in Shushan the Citadel
that Jimena one of my brethren came with
men from Judah and I asked them
concerning the Jews who had escaped who
had survived the captivity and
concerning Jerusalem and they said to me
the survivors who are left from the
captivity in the province are there in
great distress and reproach the wall of
Jerusalem is also broken down and its
gates are burned with fire so it was
when I heard these words that I sat down
and wept and mourned for many days I was
fasting and praying before the God of
heaven and I said I pray Lord God of
heaven o great and awesome God you who
keep your covenant and mercy with those
who love you and observe your
Commandments please let your ear be
attentive and your eyes open
that you may hear the prayer of your
servant which I pray before you now day
and night for the children of Israel
your servants and confess the sins of
the children of Israel which we have
sinned against you both my father's
house and I have sinned we have acted
very corruptly against you and have not
kept the commandments the statutes nor
the ordinances which you commanded your
servant Moses remember I pray the word
that you commanded your servant Moses
saying if you are unfaithful I will
scatter you among the nations but if you
return to me and keep my Commandments
and do them though some of you were cast
out to the farthest part of the heavens
yet I will gather them from there and
bring them to the place which I have
chosen as a dwelling for my name now
these are your servants and your people
whom you have redeemed by your great
power
and by your strong hand O Lord I pray
please let your ear be attentive to the
prayer of your servant and to the prayer
of your servants who desire to fear your
name and let your servant prosper this
day my prayer and grant him mercy and
the sight of this man for I was the
king's cup pen
you